Name: Matheus Bustamante
	  Zihao Chen

1. The program requires 6 arguments including the program name, so 5 commands without the program name. 
The program generates 10 winning numbers.

2.
Program usadge message:
H:\332\studios\Studio7\development_environment_studio7\Debug>development_environment_studio7.exe
This program compares 5 numbers (from 1-100) taken as input and compares them with 10 randomly generated winning numbers
Usage: development_environment_studio7.exe <(1-100)> <(1-100)> <(1-100)> <(1-100)> <(1-100)>

When runinng with 5 commands the program does not stop executing. This happens if a program is not returning an int or looping forever. 
After using the Debug option in Visual Studio I came to realize that the program is never quiting this function void insertion_sort(vector<int> & v).
To fix it I just had to increment the value of i by one.

3. Now I got a different error saying index out of range. By tracking I saw that the middle index is set
to be the sum of start and end. So to fiz it, I devided the sum by two to get the middle index.

4. Now that the program copiles and only outputs that all the numbers matched, I tracked which part of the code was giving the
issue. On the binay search to find the numbers that matched, an if statement instead of comparing numbers was assigning the value
resulting in always finding a match. I fixed by edditing the single equal sign to a double '==' to compare the numbers.

5. I can just modify the lottery.h file where the number of winning numbers are defined. I changed to 40 winning numbers and 
to generate a number between 0 and 20, and I won the JACKPOT!!

H:\332\studios\Studio7\development_environment_studio7\Debug>development_environment_studio7.exe 7 8 10 12 20
Winning numbers: 1 1 2 2 2 2 2 3 4 4 4 6 6 6 7 7 8 8 9 9 9 10 11 11 11 11 12 12 13 13 14 15 16 16 18 19 19 19 20 20
Your numbers: 7 8 10 12 20
5
You hit the Jackpot!!! You matched all 5 numbers.
 



Please list your group members here and answer all questions below.
Group members:
Matheus Bustamante
Zihao Chen

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Author: Jon Shidal

CSE 332S - Debugging practice

This program plays a simple lottery game. A user inputs their chosen numbers on the command line (1-MAXNUMBER). The program then:
1. generates a list of winning numbers
2. sorts that list
3. uses binary search on the sorted list to determine how many user chosen numbers match the winning numbers
4. outputs the winning numbers and whether or not the user won(you win if more than half of the numbers you supply via the command line are winning numbers) 

Possible program return values:
Enums for theses can be found in lottery.h
0 - NOTAWINNER
1 - WINNER
2 - JACKPOT 
-1 - INCORRECTUSAGE

Program parameters and their default values:
Enum for these can be found in lottery.h
MAXNUMBER = 100   (numbers generated by the program will range from 1 - MAXNUMBER)
WINNINGNUMBERS = 10 (how many winning numbers will be generated)
USERNUMBERS = 5 (how many user supplied numbers the program expects, as command line arguments)


